{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13940\viewh13820\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Development process.\
	I started with several hours of research of the html email development process both standard and responsive. The big challenge for me was the realization that all of my experience is in responsive web design. In responsive web design everything is done very differently, to quote the folks at MailChimp \'93html emails are coded like its still 1996\'94. In web design tables are never used, instead we use whats called a css grid system, and css/media queries are kept in separate files in separate directories. So this project took me mush more time than expected, but I learned a whole lot of new concepts and really enjoyed the experience. I had no way to test my design other than in the browser, so please note that the design I am submitting works great in Apple Safari, outside of that it has not been tested. \
	After studying the comp I built out the structure of the document with  pertinent images and text. I wrapped all tables in a boarder to give me a good idea of where things where in relation to each other. I used blank tables instead of margins because my research indicated that to be best practices when developing html emails. I also worked for some time with how to get tables elements to float or span around other elements. I also captured the ATK logo off of the web in order to place it at the top of the page like in the comp.\
	Once I had the comp implemented the way I wanted I got to work wire framing how I wanted the mobile email to look. I decided to be very minimalist and just use the most important elements. I removed the top logo and the large cookbook image. I decided to use a different image of the cookbook at the bottom of the message. This new image has less going on and looks better on smaller screens. I removed the image of the three dishes in the middle of the message as well as the image of Chris Kimball. I increased the size of the text which without the CPK image now flows naturally across the entire screen.\
}